I I remember one time I got a deal to go
do a base jumping commercial in
Switzerland except I'd literally never
been to the place. I literally didn't
know anything about it. And so when I
showed up to organize the shoot, I
avoided contacting the people who were
the most experienced and most skilled
who could help me because I would have
felt like an impostor. We are all
imposters. In fact, if you're doing
anything meaningful at all, if you're
doing anything that you don't know about
completely, you're to some degree an
impostor.
>> Looking back on it, it's just like, wow,
what what would have what would it have
been like if I just showed up and I was
like, yep, I have literally never done
this before.
>> I think there's something deeper going
on with imposttor syndrome.
This time on the art of accomplishment,
we are talking about the imposttor
syndrome and how all of us are imposters
and why that's not a problem. We're
going to talk about what to do about
that and how you can find the confidence
in simply knowing and being yourself.
So, we're like 140 something episodes
now after five years.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Is that true?
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's just over five years.
We started in like May
>> 2020.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> I still remember recording the very
first episode and feeling like a total
impostor.
>> I just felt like I didn't know
everything. Who am I to talk about
personal development and growth and like
CEO coaching when I was so new to this
kind of work?
>> Yeah.
>> And it's funny. I still don't feel like
I know everything, but I just don't have
to.
>> Yeah. I don't feel like I need to know
everything and I don't feel like an
imposttor.
>> Yeah. I I mean, you're talking about
something that's really important about
imposttor syndrome in general, which is
that we are all imposters.
>> Mhm.
>> Meaning, I don't know exactly what I'm
doing. I You don't know exactly what
you're doing. Nobody knows exactly what
you're doing. In fact, if you're doing
anything meaningful at all,
if you're doing anything that you don't
know about completely, you're to some
degree an impostor
>> or on the cutting edge of anything.
>> Yeah. It's why imposttor syndrome is so
um so much more prevalent with high
achievers
because
you're actually doing stuff that you
don't know like or you're not really
particularly a high achiever unless
you're actually going out and doing
stuff you don't know. So there's a way
in which we are all imposters and I want
to make a distinction between that and
imposttor syndrome or feeling like an
imposttor
>> right because you're we're all imposters
and that's true and there's something
deeply satisfying in knowing that that
actually starts to evaporate imposttor
syndrome because the thing about
imposttor syndrome is it's a direct sign
that you're not being yourself.
Imposter syndrome is saying I'm
pretending like I have to know something
that I don't have to know. That I'm
being somebody that I don't have to be.
I have to pretend I'm competent when I
don't have to be competent. Yeah, I have
to be me. And Bnee Brown's work on this
is pretty conclusive that if you're
vulnerable and you show that you don't
know everything, the feeling of being an
imposttor starts dropping.
There's an interesting little like mind
twist in there, which is that if you
feel imposttor syndrome, it's correct
except you're being an imposter in a
different way than you might think.
>> You think you need to be a certain type
of conf competent, confident, whatever
that
>> right
>> uh identity is.
>> Yeah.
>> But in reality, the fact that you feel
imposttor syndrome is a sign that you
are trying to be something other than
yourself,
>> right?
Right. Exactly. You feel like you have
to be something besides you. And the
thing is just if you think about that,
it it's a massive drawback particularly
if you're a leader of a team
>> because
great leadership is here's what I don't
know. Here's what I do know. What do you
all know and don't know? How do we solve
this problem that feels like the problem
that we need to solve or is the problem
that we need to solve? It isn't knowing
the answer. And and it's and it's bad
leadership for multiple reasons. One is
because you don't know the answer.
You're you're like and so why point
everybody in that direction if you're
not certain of it. But more importantly,
it's you don't get alignment that way.
You do not get people to say, "Oh, I'm
going to buy in to the thing just
because you said it's true."
>> You get people to buy in when they feel
like they're part of the solution. When
their their wisdom is in the solution.
Mhm.
>> So, it's just like
the thing that you think you need to be
is not what you need to be. You don't
need to know the answers.
You don't need to know where to go next.
You don't need to have all the solutions
and you don't need to be this wise
person that everybody looks up to. None
of that's important
>> to actually get the job done,
>> right? I saw a study recently that said
that it takes more cognitive effort to
maintain a false persona and it degrades
performance more than actual
incompetence.
>> Which makes a lot of sense because if
you believe your imposttor syndrome
>> Yeah.
>> then you already feel all the emotional
and cognitive deficits of being
incompetent whether or not you are.
>> Yes.
>> Plus on top of that you're trying to be
something else.
>> Yeah. The other thing is that like why
deny that you're are you're you're an
imposttor like what makes us want to
deny that
>> if you're doing anything interesting at
all in the world that you don't know it
>> there's no CEO who became a CEO for the
first time and wasn't an impostor.
>> Bill Gates made up Microsoft with his
team.
Elon Musk made up his companies. Steve
Jobs made up his companies. like they
none of them were like, "Ah, I know
exactly how to be a CEO." And and
>> isn't that the definition of being an
entrepreneur is making up as you
go?
>> Yes.
I don't know if that's how Webster says
it, but it damn well should
>> or an artist
>> and an artist, right? And and or a
teacher or any of us any of us doing any
of this stuff like anything that's
actually
that's that is on any cutting edge of
anything, we don't know how to do it.
And like what makes us even want to deny
that,
right? And and again, it's usually like
some form of shame, which is why
something like vulnerability
really unpacks it, right? Shame is is
often cured with connection. Connection
is is vulnerability is a massive part of
connection, just like what we would see
in the connection course or anything
like that.
>> So, I'd love to just go into a couple
more examples. Yeah. Because there's
different ways that imposter syndrome
shows up. I think a lot of people are
familiar with being feeling like an
imposter in your job or your career.
CEOs of course feel this.
>> Uh what are some other ways that this
shows up for everyday people?
>> I think imposter syndrome is usually
only like I I haven't I've never heard
anybody maybe it's there if you have
this I feel like an imposttor
being a wife. You know, I I hear people
say, and this is an interesting thing,
they they say something like, "I don't
feel like a good mom," or, "I feel like
a good mom," or, "I feel like I be a
better mom." But I've never heard
anybody say, "I feel like total imposter
syndrome with being a mom." H
>> and so the reason I think that this is
the case is that
>> that the a lot of the imposttor syndrome
is about people who learned in early
life that they are
because they have done something of
value. They're worthy. They're lovable
because they're doing something that's
valuable
>> according to certain metrics of value.
Being a mom is incredibly valuable.
Yeah,
>> absolutely. But it's like meaning
productive value meaning
>> economically valued
>> or A's or whatever. It's like there's
some way in which
>> you are as good as your performance.
>> And so imposter syndrome seems to only
really go around with things that are
performance-based like maybe maybe it's
not a job. Maybe it's the head of a
activist movement or maybe it's
>> Olympic gold medalist.
>> Silver medalist.
>> Silver medalist. if you remember that
story that there was um it was a a
female swimmer in the Olympics team and
she was I was listening to her with this
like deep imposttor syndrome
>> and the question was like is she going
to be a gold, silver or bronze medalist
in the Olympics?
>> It's like
how what like how how on earth can you
be an imposttor if that's the question?
You're just the best or second best or
the third best. M
>> and I she ended up being a silver
medalist and and I was just like I was
so dumbfounded that this like sense of
doubt this sense of like she had to be
the number one thing to not be an
impostor.
>> And and granted if she would have gotten
it she probably still would have felt
like an imposttor because she didn't win
every practice or any you know every
every single race that she swam. And so
right so the so really what's happening
for people who are experiencing the
imposttor syndrome is that it's all
about oh I need to be of value. I need
to produce so that I can get love. And
that's really I think one of the things
and and the shame of that the shame that
I am who I am isn't just good enough
is is the thing that's really propelling
a lot of the imposttor syndrome.
>> Yeah. and the effects around it can be
kind of hilarious. I I remember one time
I uh I got a deal to go do a bass
jumping commercial in Switzerland and it
was my first time even going to
Switzerland to this like big mecca of
bass jumping.
>> And so I got this whole thing funded. We
had a helicopter with a camera on it and
all this like accuchant and uh uh high
production except I'd literally never
been to the place. I literally didn't
know anything about it. And so when I
showed up to organize the shoot,
>> I avoided contacting the people who were
the most experienced and most skilled
who could help me because I would have
felt like an impostor.
>> And so I like I
>> the way that I organized the thing was
trying to kind of hide it,
>> right? which
>> makes you more and more feel more and
more like an imposttor. The more you're
hiding yourself, the more of an the more
you're faking it, the more of an
imposttor you feel like you are.
>> Right. Right. And the production value
suffered. Uh it was still fun. We got to
do it. But uh looking back on it, it's
just like, wow, what what would have
what would it have been like if I just
showed up and I was like, "Yep, I have
literally never done this before." And
that's
>> this particular thing we're doing is new
to me.
>> Yeah.
>> And I'm going to do it.
>> Yeah. And I'm going to ask for all the
help that I can get.
>> Yeah. which is what CEOs who do not have
that sense of deep shame, who do not
feel like they have to be of value to be
worthy are more likely to do.
>> They're they're okay admitting the
vulnerability, which of course takes
away the imposttor syndrome. But I think
there's something deeper going on with
imposttor syndrome, which is in
imposttor syndrome, what I notice is
that it is it is doubt.
>> There is like a doubt of self. But
internally what's happening is people
saying well I'm not going to be arrogant
right I'm not going to be so arrogant as
to think that I know everything like
those other people I'm going to so on
one level arrogance is bad and and then
doubt is kind of running the show but
the thing about doubt is that doubt is
a whole flurry of thoughts about me
I'm not good enough I don't know maybe
I'm going to fail it's I I I I I I I I I
I I I I
>> That's what doubt is.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And the cool thing about that is
that there's this definition that says
humility isn't thinking less of
yourself, it's thinking about yourself
less. Which means arrogance is thinking
about yourself more.
>> And the cool way that you get out of
imposttor syndrome besides being
vulnerable is to actually be of service
to others, to open up your heart. So
there's this great saying that says
doubt is a sin of the heart
which basically means that if you open
your heart if you start thinking how do
I be of service how do I love more
completely in this moment
that the doubt can't exist in that
environment and therefore the imposttor
syndrome can't exist
>> which is fascinating and so just to make
this even more complicated but then I'll
I'll smooth it all out or at least
Hopefully we'll smooth it all out. To
make this even more complicated is
what we're looking for when we are when
we have imposter syndrome is actually a
feeling of empowerment.
It's like, oh, I I am capable. I do not
have to particularly worry. I I'm safe.
I am
>> I know that who I am is safe.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't have to fear the consequences of
not living up to a certain image or
standard.
>> Right. I'm not bad by my nature. I'm
good by my nature and I'm basically
safe. And when humans are like that, and
you can think about any human you know
who feels deeply safe being themselves
for who they are, their nature starts
coming out. And that nature is to be of
service.
>> Their nature is to to lead with an open
heart. Is to be there for other people.
Not in a way to try to make them happy,
but just because I'm not constantly
thinking about how do I keep myself
safe.
So, so now take that into imposttor
syndrome for a second. First of all,
people are telling themselves that they
don't want to be arrogant, which is why
they justify the imposttor syndrome. But
thinking about yourself all the time is
arrogant.
>> Mhm. And the way to get out of it is to
actually be of service to others because
that creates that sense of empowerment
in you or create that sense of
empowering you which gives you that
service that openheartedness
>> and of course without leaving yourself
not like leaving yourself to be of
service to others in a way because
>> no it has to be a form of empowerment.
You could be of service to others from a
sense of how you're supposed to be and
be the
>> or to keep yourself safe, which I'm I'm
here for you because if then you'll be
good to me, then you'll like me as a
leader. Yeah. No.
>> So it it really has to come from oh a
openhearted place of oh I am here
>> like how do I do my job with an open
heart and if you ask yourself that
question it's a simple question.
Imposter syndrome comes up and say, "How
do I do this job with an open heart?"
>> The imposter syndrome just can't exist
in it
because it puts you into the act of
service. It puts you into humility
because you think about yourself less
because you're in a place where you're
in communion with other people.
>> Now, this seems like the opposite track
to the
common track of say building confidence.
like how how would you relate this to
building confidence?
>> Well, I think it does build confidence,
which is interesting. So, but there is
like, oh, the idea is that I'm going to
build skills to get to confidence
>> and we know studies show that building
skills is not as effective as being
vulnerable.
>> Yeah.
>> And opening your heart is a form of that
vulnerability.
Doing it with an open heart is a form of
that vulnerability.
asking, "Oh, how do I be of service in
this instead of how do I protect
myself?" is a form of vulnerability. And
we know that vulnerability actions cure
the feeling of imposter syndrome way
quicker than any level of competency.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. As well as a strong sense of
self.
>> Not a strong sense of self like I know
who I am, but is like to actually see
yourself for what you are. like what you
are essentially what what
you've always been from the moment you
were born till now to see your essence
to identify with that essence also just
totally makes
the experience of imposter syndrome go
away
>> and that's that was my experience too
when I moved through
that that search for self and I was and
I and I finally ran upon it and the more
I ran upon it I think is more accurate
ly said
the idea of imposter syndrome just
couldn't even exist in my system
anymore. I mean I remember one of it
happened way before I started coaching
and I remember one of my first public
coaching section everything went
wrong. I had somebody there who was like
deeply into the resistance thing and
wanted a lot of attention and like it
just went horribly wrong. Like it was I
mean I had friends there and they were
like you maybe shouldn't do this for a
living and like all of that crap
happened
and I and first of all what I would say
is if I bought into the imposttor
syndrome at that point I wouldn't be
doing this right now. So
>> that means like if you're buying into
your imposture syndrome and trying to be
somebody that you're not being that you
not that if you're buying into your
imposture syndrome and not just showing
up saying this is what I know, this is
what I don't know.
>> Then you're going to like not give your
gift to the world. I would not be giving
my gift to the world. That's one piece.
But the the second piece to it is is
that there was nothing in me at that
moment that thought felt like I was an
imposttor. I was just like bad shot.
there's things for me to learn.
>> What do I do? I started talking to
people like what are your tricks in this
kind of situation? I started to learn. I
started to feel into what that was. I
felt the grief of that experience.
>> But never was I thinking, oh, I'm an
impostor here,
>> right? And and it's because my sense of
self was like I couldn't particularly
question it anymore because that the the
the question of what I am essentially
and identifying with that had is was
there. And I've noticed that generally
with everybody who's gone through that
process of really investigating what am
I and how do I be deeply authentic? They
do not experience
imposttor syndrome. And maybe some, but
like it's like maybe a little bit, but
not even close to the levels that they
have.
>> Yeah. And also from
>> kind of going back to the confidence
building versus just like seeing
yourself, if you looked at that
situation through a confidence building
lens, it would have looked like you just
destroyed all your confidence. Like I I
did a Ignite talk a couple years ago and
like paused right near the end, like
right beginning of my last slide, just
like lost it for a second and then
>> looked out into the crowd, felt my
friends there supporting me and then
just continued. And internally, I could
have been like, well, that was a really
unconfident moment. But the feedback
that I got from people coming up up
after was like, "Wow, you just did
exactly what you were talking about on
the stage in real time in front of us."
And that was beautiful.
>> Right. Like feeling into the fear, I
think, is what you were talking about,
too. Right.
>> Right. Right. Feeling into the fear.
Yeah. And then and in that moment, I was
like, "Oh, yes, actually
being seen in that way, them seeing me
helped me see myself." And that was what
built confidence. Confidence being a
state of being, a way of being, not
being a skill that you build.
>> Well, yeah. You can't be you can't build
confidence being somebody who you
aren't.
>> Yeah. Which means confidence is not a
skill. Confidence is
how connected to yourself you are as you
as you are doing what you're doing.
>> Yeah. That's a cool way to look at it.
Hadn't thought about it that way. Right.
Yeah. That's the interesting thing. It's
very like if you're an imposter
syndrome, if you're in imposter syndrome
and you're faking it and you're trying
to pretend you're confident and you're
not being vulnerable and you're not
being yourself,
>> then you are being an imposter.
>> Then you are being an imposter, but
you're also not able to build confidence
as quickly
because you you're not being you.
>> Like the only way to be confident in
yourself is to be yourself.
>> I'm going to pretend to be somebody else
and now I'm confident being somebody
else. No, like it doesn't it doesn't
work like that. So that's the other like
incredibly interesting thing about it.
So but the thing that I'm noticing right
now in my mind is I'm thinking about
somebody who has imposter syndrome and
they're listening to this and they can
listen to this all in a way to build the
shame in their system
>> for sure
>> which is only going to hurt their
imposttor syndrome. It's only going to
increase their imposttor syndrome.
>> Yeah.
They could look at it like, "Oh, there's
a place that I could go to where I could
understand myself where I can't be an
imposttor anymore." Or I like if if I
was only like Brett and I could just
like be vulnerable for that moment, then
I wouldn't feel like an imposttor
anymore. And and all of that is building
shame,
which is what the imposttor syndrome is
based in. M
>> and so there's no way that that kind of
thing which is all I have to do X Y and
Z to be loved. I have to perform to be
loved.
>> Yeah.
>> And the whole way to stop imposttor
syndrome is to fly in the face of I have
to perform to be loved. I can be
vulnerable. I cannot know. I can be in
the question. I can be confused.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, in that way, imposter
syndrome is sort of the hungry ghost of
validation or competence.
>> Like, you're not letting it all the way
in. You're not letting in the ways that
you are competent. You're not letting
yourself
>> be seen. You're not seeing yourself,
which of course is going to make you
crave some form of being seen. But if
all of the way you're being seen is
acrewing towards an identity of
something you feel isn't really you,
>> Yeah. then it never works.
>> Then it never lands.
>> Yeah. So let's go a little bit more
deeply into where the imposttor syndrome
comes from.
>> Yeah. So you know a lot of us I think
were
I'll call it good job as a kid but some
of us never got the good job who got
good job. But basically it is
>> some version of
you need to get good grades to get my
love. You need to perform. You need to
do the dishes. You need to do X Y and Z
for me to give you love and approval.
So the first thing is that you weren't
taught how to give it to yourself. You
weren't taught,
you know, when we're like if we're
working with our kids, especially when
they were younger and they did a
painting, we weren't like, "Good job."
>> Mhm.
>> We said, "Oh, how did that feel to paint
that painting?" So that they could
reflect, so they could see their own
experience and relate to their own
experience. If they were doom scrolling,
it would be like, "Hey, how do you feel
doom scrolling? like what's going on in
your system? What does that feel like?
What makes you want to feel that way? It
wasn't bad job.
>> Right.
>> Right. You won't won't get loved if if
you're doom scrolling. So basically
that creates a lot of high achievers.
That creates a lot of you're wrong just
as you are. You have to earn something
to be lovable.
And that in creates a lot of imposttor
syndrome which is why so many high
achievers have imposttor syndrome. And
also because they're doing stuff that
they don't know about and nor could they
should they. And so there's always the
rationale. You can always think you're
an impostor,
>> right?
>> If you don't know everything and that
and if you're doing something and if
you're doing something important, you
don't know everything.
>> Cool. So if you want your kids to grow
up and do really cool high achieving
stuff, you just uh give them some
conditional validation.
>> That's one way.
>> Yeah,
>> that's one way to do it. It does work.
Yeah, it does work. If they don't become
drug addicts. Yeah, that it's a way.
>> I noticed that uh humans want to
achieve. They want to grow. They want to
learn. They're curious and their own.
And I noticed things like imposter
syndrome only slows them down.
>> Shame only slows down the process and it
makes it just a lot more complicated.
It's a lot more fight. And they feel
like they have to abandon themselves to
get there. which might mean a life where
somebody becomes really high achieving
off of the axis of what they ever really
wanted.
>> Correct.
>> And then crisis
>> typically. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So typically very very high
achieving once I have my $10 million I'm
going to finally, you know, retire.
Maybe if I'm lucky I get it. Or maybe I
don't and I'm 65 and I retire and I'm
like, "Yeah, I'm freaking miserable."
>> Yeah. So if you want to raise your kids
as high achieving miserable people, yay.
Go for it. Yeah.
>> So, and and and that's very black and
white. Obviously, there's a lot of gray
in between there, right? And
>> you can also be a high achiever about
raising your kids, which gets meta here,
>> right?
So, generally, that's the place that it
comes from. It's it's a very particular
kind of shame that who you are isn't
good enough unless you provide something
for me.
>> Yeah. And I think that this and and I
think I I remember studies, don't quote
me on this, but I remember studies that
women are more likely to feel imposter
syndrome than men.
>> And um
and I think that that's often because
women are often taught that their value
is being of value to others,
>> right? Like
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So, so if I think about the way
many boys and girls, especially in upper
middle class white society are raised,
you know, the boys are often not told
that their job is to take care of other
people as much as the the girls are. To
be of value is where you're going to get
your love.
>> Or it may show up as they're being told
that they need to impact the world in
some way or they need to be of service
to their
>> they need to be able to provide for
their family. That's one that's one way.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we both get it. Imposter
syndrome happens in both places. So,
it's this isn't like one person, one
group is is special, but just in our
society, I think women get a little bit
more of you're valuable because you're
of service to others.
>> So, how do we unravel this? What do we
do with with all this information?
>> Yeah. So, if you have imposttor
syndrome,
first go, "Yep,
I'm an imposttor." Like, love that.
>> Be vulnerable. Be vulnerable by being of
service. Be vulnerable. Not service of
like I'm trying to make other people
happy. Service. Service of like
openhearted service.
>> How do I have an open h heart in the
face of the doubt?
Right? Maybe you're an imposttor.
Maybe people think you're going to be
imposter. But what does that have to do
with leading the people that you're in
charge of?
>> Right?
>> What does that have to do with caring
for the people that you're in charge of?
What does that have to do with um living
your life's purpose?
So focusing not on yourself but focusing
on an openheartedness is going to have a
not the openheartedness that is
codependent that I have to be of value
to other people but the openheartedness
which is oh right I if I act from love
if I think about what's best for
everybody including myself
then the that is an act of vulnerability
that will also start
>> changing the way that imposter syndrome
shows up or maybe gets rid of it
altogether.
>> And then the last is a deep exploration
into who you are
>> as a person like
>> what are you essentially a deep
exploration there will also start to
eliminate imposttor syndrome. I think
there's also another piece here which is
acknowledging and owning the projection
in it. Like if somebody hired me, you
know, I got hired to do a base jumping
uh commercial.
>> And for me to feel like I'm an imposter
there, I have to also assume that the
person who hired me doesn't know what
they're doing.
>> And so I have to project that other
people are imposters to to interact with
me and to trust me and
>> like depend on me.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Right. Yeah.
>> So seeing through that is another
another
>> great way. Right. If you're an imposter
then the person who hired you is an
imposttor. Yeah. In that whole
>> hired them. Yeah.
>> And who hired them. Yeah. So I think
that the so those are all different ways
um to work with it. I think that this is
something that like I said like when we
do the council which is the thing that
we do for business people and
and it it's that year-long program for
them. What I notice is that imposter
syndrome is a really like because it's
high achievers, it's it's very
prevalent.
>> And the thing that I notice in and I've
seen this at least a dozen times now
when people start to undo the imposttor
syndrome,
>> high achievers become really high
achievers.
>> But sometimes there's this little bit of
a detour. So it's like it's like and so
don't be surprised if this detour
happens. So it's like I'm highly
achieving. I'm doing a whole bunch of
stuff and then I really understand who I
am and I operate from an open heart. I
lead from love and all of a sudden I
might be doing something different.
>> Yeah. And anyone who's interested in
finding out about the council, there's a
leadership newsletter that you can sign
up for on our website.
>> Yeah. Thanks for saying that. And so
that's like the little detour or pivot
and then super high achieving stuff
happens. like
>> their capacity to get things done
increases so much because they're not in
doubt all the time
>> and they're not thinking about
themselves all the time. They're
thinking about their project. They're
thinking about the people who work for
them.
>> Mhm. So you could be doing like pretty
good or even really good at being
someone else for a while.
>> Yeah.
>> Or you can be world class at being
yourself,
>> right? Yeah. Only you can be you. Like
that's that's the only place you're not
an imposttor by the way, right? Is when
you're being yourself. Everything else
you are being an imposttor. So, of
course, it feels like you're being an
imposter,
>> and there's nothing wrong with that. We
learned we learned that as a strategy,
as a technique, keeps us safe for a
while. There's benefits to it. It's
>> Yeah.
>> But if you're listening to this, it's no
longer paying off. If you're if you've
gotten this far into the the podcast,
your imposture thing is definitely not
not paying off anymore.
>> And not long for this world. And I think
the last thing I'd really want to say
about it is just that um
you know what
the gift of an imposter of the imposttor
syndrome if you actually start moving
from vulnerability if you actually start
being the kind of leader who allows
people to see that you don't know
everything. If you act with that level
of authenticity,
you get a re you get the reward that you
always wanted to get as a kid that you
thought you had to earn.
>> You get the reward of,
>> oh, I I'm I'm I'm good,
>> right? Like here I am and I'm not
perfect and I don't know everything and
I don't have to produce to understand
that generally I'm just I'm good, which
is what you wanted as a kid. And and so
the cool thing about imposter syndrome
is that it points directly towards the
path to getting the thing that you
always wanted as a kid that you couldn't
get that you use employed all these bad
strategies to get.
>> So once again it's absolutely correct
and your strategies of trying to get out
of it are
not effective.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. But it is a a scent you can follow
at home.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Beautiful.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah. Thank you, Joe.
>> What a pleasure, Brett. Good to be with
you as always.
>> Yeah, you too. All right. Thanks again
for listening to The Art of
Accomplishment. This episode is hosted
by myself, Brett Kistler, and Joe
Hudson. Our producer is Mi Kelly, and
this episode is edited by Reasonable
Volume. And if you want a free taste of
the business stuff that we do with a
council, just check out our free
leadership newsletter. You can sign up
for that on our website,
arttoofaccomplishment.com.
If you like this episode, please share
it with a friend. Post it on social
media. You can find us on X at
arttoofaccomp. You can find us on
YouTube at art of accomplishment. And if
you're listening to this in audio,
notice that you can find us on video as
well on Spotify and YouTube. Take care.
Till next time. Join us next time where
we're going to have Johannes Langraph
join us to talk about how he created a
company really doing that inner work,
doing the inner spiritual work, as well
as how he's created a culture that is
changing at the pace of AI.
[Music]